Add Resurrection Cup 2026: Codename Genesis wiki page (#15149)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/RESC/2026/en.md

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2026-05-11/2026-06-02 |
| Qualifiers | 2026-06-12/2026-06-14 |
| Round of 32 | 2026-06-19/2026-06-21 |
| Round of 16 | 2026-06-26/2026-06-28 |
| Quarterfinals | 2026-07-03/2026-07-05 |
| Semifinals | 2026-07-10/2026-07-12 |
| Finals | 2026-07-17/2026-07-19 |
| Grand Finals | 2026-08-15/2026-08-16 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge (pending), exclusive profile banner |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | Exclusive profile banner |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Exclusive profile banner |
| "4th place" | Exclusive profile banner |

![](img/badge.png "Resurrection Cup 2026 winner badge")

## Organisation (outdated)

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Organisers | ::{ flag=VN }:: [BCraftMG](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13456818), ::{ flag=SG }:: [gamicrayola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29426345), ::{ flag=US }:: [Pezz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10651106), ::{ flag=HU }:: [Phreel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110) |

> | Lead GFXs | ::{ flag=PH }:: [OsuMe65](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/852867) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Lead GFX | ::{ flag=PH }:: [OsuMe65](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/852867) |
```

> | Animation Designers | [tri](https://x.com/tri_pizza), [mochasan](https://mochasan2.carrd.co/), [crayon](https://x.com/crayonii_), [Aquatic_3](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/22711091) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Animation designers | [tri](https://x.com/tri_pizza), [mochasan](https://mochasan2.carrd.co/), [crayon](https://x.com/crayonii_), ::{ flag=CA }:: [Aquatic_3](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/22711091) |
```

> | Illustrators | [AlexDunk](https://x.com/dunken_alex), [darkos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5969271), [kyermaniac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32859564), [mochasan](https://mochasan2.carrd.co/), [nabi](https://x.com/nabie0x), [OsuMe65](https://vgen.co/osume65), [Raytoly](https://x.com/Raytolyokdesu), [smsrdzc](https://x.com/atashisamasora), [TAKADA](https://takada.works), [tri](https://x.com/tri_pizza) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Illustrators | [AlexDunk](https://x.com/dunken_alex), ::{ flag=CA }:: [darkos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5969271), ::{ flag=BR }:: [kyermaniac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32859564), [mochasan](https://mochasan2.carrd.co/), [nabi](https://x.com/nabie0x), [OsuMe65](https://vgen.co/osume65), [Raytoly](https://x.com/Raytolyokdesu), [smsrdzc](https://x.com/atashisamasora), [TAKADA](https://takada.works), [tri](https://x.com/tri_pizza) |
```

| Sheet Designers | ::{ flag=GB }:: [pericrayola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/31184671) |
| Song Artists | [THE BEAT WIZARD](https://twitter.com/THE_BEAT_WIZARD), [Drazically](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/496), [log()](https://twitter.com/ohm002_), [cexiria](https://twitter.com/C_xiria), [5KiLOBYTE](https://twitter.com/RukadesuMusic), [XH](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/452), [Xeven](https://twitter.com/xeventiii), [N_dog](https://twitter.com/N_dogofficial), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ArXe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14013313), [CS4W](https://twitter.com/CS4W_shiso), [ptar124](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/409), [Sparxe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/398), [TGRX](https://tgrx.bandcamp.com/) |
| Vocalists | [Ethereal_Winter](https://twitter.com/EtherealWinter_), [quu-zie](https://twitter.com/quuzie) |

> | Mapping Quality Assurances | ::{ flag=DE }:: [-Haruki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3673149), ::{ flag=GB }:: [DeviousPanda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4966334), ::{ flag=TW }:: [Mameko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9834516), ::{ flag=RU }:: [netnesanya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6017901), ::{ flag=HK }:: [seros](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10562853), ::{ flag=US }:: [Vermasium](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11106442) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sheet designers | ::{ flag=GB }:: [pericrayola](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/31184671) |
| Song artists | [THE BEAT WIZARD](https://twitter.com/THE_BEAT_WIZARD), [Drazically](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/496), [log()](https://twitter.com/ohm002_), [cexiria](https://twitter.com/C_xiria), [5KiLOBYTE](https://twitter.com/RukadesuMusic), [XH](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/452), [Xeven](https://twitter.com/xeventiii), [N_dog](https://twitter.com/N_dogofficial), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ArXe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14013313), [CS4W](https://twitter.com/CS4W_shiso), [ptar124](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/409), [Sparxe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/398), [TGRX](https://tgrx.bandcamp.com/) |
| Vocalists | [Ethereal_Winter](https://twitter.com/EtherealWinter_), [quu-zie](https://twitter.com/quuzie) |
| Mapping quality assurances | ::{ flag=DE }:: [-Haruki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3673149), ::{ flag=GB }:: [DeviousPanda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4966334), ::{ flag=TW }:: [Mameko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9834516), ::{ flag=RU }:: [netnesanya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6017901), ::{ flag=HK }:: [seros](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10562853), ::{ flag=US }:: [Vermasium](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11106442) |
```

## Links

> - [Main Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Md62htYhsmBaVn8eM29XJBgaFCbmvcLJyqdcu5k9Gwo/edit?rm=minimal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Main spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Md62htYhsmBaVn8eM29XJBgaFCbmvcLJyqdcu5k9Gwo/edit?rm=minimal)
```

- [Announcement post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2026-05-11-resurrection-cup-2026-registrations-now-open)
- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2205168)
- [Rulebook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14TPCuaMUyNkO7w5g5cJtmkLLSL6Sizjs6cIPcYMdUHE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/UNzyfgGfeu)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/resurrectioncup)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtdowLBk7An_UlvtTKrYl0w)
- [Tournament bracket](https://challonge.com/RESC26)

> ## Participants

Reviewer: Why are all players bold? Usually only captains are, I think?

| nation | 3 | **5** | **Aged like wine** | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/121367354) |
| **slushy** | **5** | 0 | sonion | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/121367337) |
| **to be determine** | **5** | 2 | Dango Daikazoku | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/121368059) |

Sunday, 21 June 2026:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-: |
| **OWC READY** | **5** | 0 | VAMOS CARALHO | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/121369624) |
| **WITH IT A LOT** | **0** | -1 | Harambee United | *win by default* |
| **Rectangle** | **5** | 1 | JeongJin | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/121372210) |
| **mrbeast money** | **0** | -1 | RAW IRON | *win by default* |
| **Waddle Dee** | **0** | -1 | Time to Say Hi | *win by default* |
| **The cup** | **5** | 0 | LETS LARP | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/121373969) |

### Qualifiers

> Seeding results are calculated by ranking each team according to their Zipf's score as defined [here](/wiki/Tournaments/Common_seeding_methods#zipf's-law). The results of the Qualifiers can be found on [Main Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Md62htYhsmBaVn8eM29XJBgaFCbmvcLJyqdcu5k9Gwo/edit?rm=minimal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seeding results are calculated by ranking each team according to their Zipf's score as defined [here](/wiki/Tournaments/Common_seeding_methods#zipf's-law). The results of the Qualifiers can be found on the [main spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Md62htYhsmBaVn8eM29XJBgaFCbmvcLJyqdcu5k9Gwo/edit?rm=minimal).
```

## Ruleset

> Full version of the Ruleset can be seen on the [Rulebook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14TPCuaMUyNkO7w5g5cJtmkLLSL6Sizjs6cIPcYMdUHE/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full version of the ruleset, see the [rulebook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14TPCuaMUyNkO7w5g5cJtmkLLSL6Sizjs6cIPcYMdUHE/edit?usp=sharing).
```

   - Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA).
   - Asia, Australia, and Oceania (AAO).
8. The Americas includes North America, South America, and any island nations, territories, or other dominions east of the International dateline and west of North and South America.
9. EMEA includes Europe, Africa, and the Middle East.
10. All countries listed in the Middle East region may only play for EMEA teams despite some of these countries being included in the list of Asian countries.
    - Kazakhstan is listed as part of Europe but may only play for AAO due to its timezone and the majority of the country being in Asia.
    - AAO includes Asia, and most of Oceania.
    - Hawaii, the Cook Islands, and French Polynesia are excluded from AAO as they are all east of the international dateline and thus fall under the Americas.
    - Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan are part of EMEA rather than AAO as they fall west of the Caspian Sea and have timezones closer to EMEA than AAO.
11. Players from Russia may register for teams from either EMEA or AAO, but they will be scheduled according to the overall team region.

### Qualifier procedure

> 1. Team may schedule to a pre-set lobby on [Main Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Md62htYhsmBaVn8eM29XJBgaFCbmvcLJyqdcu5k9Gwo/edit?rm=minimal) or request a custom time in the `#scheduling` channel on the Discord server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Teams may schedule a pre-set lobby on the [main spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Md62htYhsmBaVn8eM29XJBgaFCbmvcLJyqdcu5k9Gwo/edit?rm=minimal) or request a custom time in the `#scheduling` channel on the Discord server.
```

### Disconnections

1. In the event of a disconnection, an abort/replay may be called if it occurred within the first 30 seconds of the map. Other than that, common sense will be applied. If proof exists of the disconnected player's score, it can be used. If it is at all ambiguous, the player's score is considered void.
2. Disconnections are considered to be unexpected, game-breaking events out of a player's control (i.e. keyboard/tablet/mouse malfunction, system failure, internet disconnect, etc). Offset, background dim, leaderboard presence, etc. ARE NOT considered valid reasons to call for an abort/replay as players should fix these on their own.

### Stage and mappool information

| Stage | Best of | Ban Count | Star Rating | NM | HD | HR | DT | FM | TB |
| :-- | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: |
| Qualifiers | 1[^qualifier-playthrough] |  | 7.2★ | 4 | 2 | 2 | 3 |  |  |
| Round of 32 | 9 | 1 | 6.8★ | 5 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 1 |
| Round of 16 | 9 | 1 | 7.1★ | 5 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 1 |
| Quarterfinals | 11 | 2 | 7.2★ | 5 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 1 |
| Semifinals | 11 | 2 | 7.6★ | 5 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 1 |
| Finals | 13 | 2 | 7.9★ | 5 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 1 |

> | Grandfinals | 13 | 2 | 8.2★ | 5 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Grand Finals | 13 | 2 | 8.2★ | 5 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 4 | 1 |
```
